RHIDP-4929 Moving content to dedicated titles for the Configure category (#721)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authentication/proc-enabling-authentication-with-rhsso.adoc

.. To prepare for the verification steps, in the same realm, get the credential information for an existing user or link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.6/html-single/getting_started_guide/index#create-user_[create a user]. Save the user credential information for the verification steps.

> . To add your {rhsso} credentials to your {product-short} secrets, edit your {product-short} secrets, such as `my-rhdh-secrets`, and add the following key/value pairs:

Author: ```suggestion
. To add your {rhsso} credentials to your {product-short}, add the following key/value pairs to link:{plugins-configure-book-url}#provisioning-your-custom-configuration[your {product-short} secrets]:
```
